{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Oh, sorry, but l am going to my brother\'92s wedding, and you not invited\'85.\'94\
\'93It\'92s not you. You\'92re fine, lovely in fact, and much smarter than me. It\'92s just I want to pursue younger women.\'94\
\'93Maybe this breakup will be good for you, since you\'92ve never really experienced pain before.\'94\
\'93I\'92m just not feeling \'91it\'92 \'96 so I want a divorce.\'94\
\'93I enjoy your company, fancy you like crazy, and love having sex with you, but I don\'92t love you and I never will.\'94\
\'93You\'92re an investment with no return.\'94\
\'93I was asked to make a choice. If I had not been asked, I may have chosen differently\'94.\
\'93I just don\'92t think we\'92re \'91suitable\'92 suitable\'94.\
\'93I feel like this break up has made our relationship so much stronger.\'94\
\'93I have only still been seeing you because I felt obliged to, and, if we were right for each other, neither of us should feel like that.\'94\
\'93I love you toooooo much, it\'92s driving me mad.\'94\
\'93Sorry for the long silence\'85I have personal issues lately\'85Happy Friday!\'94\
\'93I know it took me two years to finally get you out on a date, but now I\'92m feeling tied down\'85\'94\
\'93I just can\'92t live with the pathetic tickles that you call \'91sexual thrusts\'92 anymore.\'94\
\'93I\'92m leaving you. Do you want me to go tonight or tomorrow?\'94\
\'93I just can\'92t take the bad sex anymore\'94.\
\'93Honestly? It\'92s you not me, you\'92re just too perfect for some else. And I\'92m perfect for the girl on Facebook.\'94\
\'93You\'92re perfect in every way, just not for me.\'94\
\'93The problem with our relationship is, we\'92re in a relationship.\'94\
\'93Just the fact that you had to sit me down and talk about our communication problems means that were not going to work out, and we should end our relationship.\'94\
\'93Really, our time together has just become more effort than you\'92re worth.\'94\
\'93You care too much about celebrities.\'94\
\'93I wish I could say you were the most special person in the Dumped: Post it-Note on mobile phone...world, but you\'92re not.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t want to have to go on holiday to see my girlfriend. It\'92s just not fun anymore.\'94\
\'93You\'92re not Mr. Right \'96 just Mr. Right Now.\'94\
\'93If only I were in love with just one girl, not two.\'94\
\'93I love you, but I\'92m not in love with you, so I guess I\'92m more of a lesbian than we thought.\'94\
\'93Hmmm, I am not sure that I want to do this anymore\'85\'94\
\'93You have your own life. You have a job. You can\'92t sleep with me in my bed every night. I really don\'92t even like her, but she lets me drink.\'94\
\'93I want to have fun, and I\'92m not ready to carry a burden through my youth.\'94\
\'93You have an irrational (emotional) intensive feeling for me which frightens me.\'94\
\'93I just can\'92t come up tonight. This whole thing is just making me ill.\'94\
\'93You don\'92t engage me anymore\'94.\
\'93I bought my baby\'92s mama an engagement ring for Valentine\'92s Day. Since this is the last time we\'92ll be together, I hope you want to get real freaky.\'94\
\'93I need to see other women to prove to myself that my love for you is genuine.\'94\
\'93She said that she was better for me than you, so I had no choice but to defend our love and prove her wrong\'85You should be thanking me for this.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll always remember last night, but I think we can forget about tomorrow.\'94\
\'93I need to tell you that someone from my past has come back into my life. I knew her years ago but there were so many things that interfered with her and I having a relationship that could not be overcome, but that has passed and now she and I are making another attempt.\'94\
\
\'93I\'92m making a changes in my life that don\'92t include you. I\'92m sorry. I love you but I\'92m going through a quarter life crisis right now. You know I\'92m not going to live much longer because all prodigies die young.\'94\
\'93Isn\'92t six and a half years long enough?\'94\
\'93You know how Fromm talks about love being an active process? Well, I\'92m afraid love didn\'92t even grow. I\'92m looking for a Soulmate and you\'92re not her.\'94\
\'93It just fizzled out, I am sorry. We are still buds, just not like before, I can\'92t do it.\'94\
\'93Please understand that I care for you deeply, but need to finalize my thoughts with her good or bad \'96 for my sake. But I would still like to take you to lunch and call you if that is OK with you. I just can\'92t see you right now.\'94\
\'93I am having a disruption in my professional life (leaving my job), so I thought that I may as well have a disruption in my personal life.\'94\
\'93My \'91friend\'92 has asked me to move in with her and I\'92ve agreed, is it alright if I move out on Saturday?\'94\
\'93My dick is committed to you, but my heart is not.\'94\
\'93You are the only really good girl I\'92ve ever met, I will probably never meet anyone like you again. You are really marriage material. If we stay together, we will get married in a few years, BUT I\'92m not sure I am ready to commit to one person.\'94\
\'93I just can\'92t handle the distance\'85I\'92m so sorry.\'94\
\'93This isn\'92t easy and neither are you\'85I\'92m breaking up with you.\'94\
\'93I just don\'92t know how much longer I can do this charade that I am happy with the relationship as it is.\'94\
\'93Sorry I stopped contacting you. I had to go back to rehab.\'94\
\'93I\'92d like to think that I just need some time, because I really miss you, but really I never loved you and I miss everyone else\'94.\
\'93I love you. I love hanging out with you. You are so easy to live with. I want everything to remain the same except the boyfriend/girlfriend thing.\'94\
\'93I know that if I continue seeing you that you that I will want to spend the rest of my life with you, but I\'92m not ready for that, so I don\'92t want to see you anymore.\'94\
\'93Yes, I thought we were getting to the point in our relationship where I might start to fall in love with you, but your insecurities about how I feel about you have made it clear that I can never fall in love with you.\'94\
\'93You\'92re a great guy, but I have so much baggage, and right now I have more bad days than good days\'85It wouldn\'92t be fair to subject you to that.\'94\
\'93I still care about you, but I just don\'92t find my heart jumping out of my chest when I see you anymore.\'94\
\'93I have lost all romantic feelings for you completely, and I desire no future relationship with you.\'94\
\'93She\'92s exactly like you used to be \'96 before you became a bitch.\'94\
\'93I think you love me more than I love you.\'94\
\'93Bad news, I met someone last night, and as I neither want to cheat on you nor bull**** you, we should keep seeing us as \'91friends\'92 only,\'85if it is OK for you?\'94\
\'93I\'92m looking for a long-term relationship, and I just can\'92t pursue that with you.\'94\
\'93I think we both rushed into this relationship so fast but forgot to get to know each other. We should have taken our time. You can\'92t fall in love in two months, but we were so keen to try.\'94\
\'93We both have some of the qualities we want, but not all of them. I want nothing or easier.\'94\
\'93The longer we are together, the less serious I am about you.\'94\
\'93We\'92ve both grown up and changed, I love you, but that kind of love has changed, and it\'92s not the kind you want from me. I want us to be closest friends instead.\'94\
\'93I feel like I\'92m changing, and though I do love you and I really like spending time with you, I\'92m not as \'91in love\'92 with you anymore..\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think you have it in you to be a good mother. When I thought about marrying you, I only thought about whether you\'92d make a good wife\'85I didn\'92t think about whether you\'92d make a good mother too.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t want the responsibility of someone else\'92s happiness.\'94\
\'93I\'92m really sorry to have messed you about, but being with you has made me realise that I am gay and I can\'92t string you along anymore.\'94\
\'93I feel alive when I am with her, but I am very grateful to you.\'94\
\'93If you were about to say that you just wanted fun and no labels, I\'92d want to continue. But I think you want more.\'94\
\'93Really, it\'92s not you, I\'92m just going through a selfish phase\'85\'94\
\'93We don\'92t make each other happy, is that what you want to hear?\'94\
\'93I really like you, you\'92re a lovely woman and we have great fun  \'96 you\'92re just not a long-term prospect.\'94\
\'93Maybe we have too much in common. We are too much alike.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t want you to feel like I\'92m breaking up with you. I just can\'92t be in a relationship with you anymore.\'94}